hello folks and welcome screencast Ana
here just quick video today for you on
the Apple TV YouTube application now I
like to watch your YouTube videos and if
I'm watching them on the Apple TV is a
great way to watch your videos in Full
HD and obviously a big screen now most
videos I watch on YouTube uh from people
I'm already subscribed to and on YouTube
you can basically go on and view your
subscription list and view all the
channels you subscribe to but there's no
way of viewing the latest uploads you
basically got to go into every
individual channel to see if that
person's uploaded a new video obviously
this is something you're not going to do
if you subscribe to a lot of people like
me as you can see here on the iPhone
application when you go into
subscriptions you've obviously got all
the channels you subscribe to but also
at the top you've got a category called
new videos which show you the latest
videos from people you are subscribed to
and this is pretty much the same on any
device out there and same with the
actual website on the computer but
unfortunately the Apple TV doesn't
provide this which is a little bit of a
downer
so if kind of come up with solution what
works for me and basically what I do is
I go onto my web browser on my computer
all this can be helped me I found me
iPad Android device wherever it may be
and I actually create playlists so best
way for me to explain this is just to
show you so as you can see here I'm in
my subscription box and these are latest
videos so what I'll do is open up each
of these videos like so and in this
first video I will go down to app 2 then
what I want to do here is create a new
playlist so let's quickly name it Apple
TV I usually leave it private because
it's just like from a personal watching
like so create the playlist then we just
tap on the playlist to add this video so
that video has now been added we go to
the second video I've opened up back
down to up to again tap on the playlist
again to add this video so we have two
videos in there now as you can see and
then finally last video we'll add that
as well and we'll tap on the playlist so
there you go we got three videos in that
playlist so again just to repeat you can
do this on any mobile device just about
at any tablet it's not just obviously
restricted to the laptop so we're back
on the Apple TV so let's go to the
YouTube app again
we want to go down to our count then we
need to select playlists and as we can
see when we go into the playlist here
we've got the Apple TV playlist which we
created now if we go into that we can
see other videos we've added to the
Apple TV playlist so I found this to be
quite a good solution overall and I
actually find that now the Apple TV
YouTube application is quite useful now
whereas before it's probably something
only never used whereas now I can view
in my latest videos on the Apple TV I
find it to be quite good so hopefully
some of you guys found this video quite
useful if you did then please get a
thumbs up and I'll see in the next video
goodbye